Item 1A. Risk Factors
We believe the following discussion identifies the most significant risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Additional risks not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.
Our business faces various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and similar outbreaks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, our operations, our cash flows, and our financial results.
Our business, operations, cash flows, and financial results could be negatively impacted by health epidemics, pandemics, and similar outbreaks. The COVID-19 pandemic could have negative impacts, such as (i) a global or U.S. recession or other economic crisis; (ii) credit and capital markets volatility (and access to these markets, including by our suppliers and customers); (iii) significant volatility in demand for our products, including our premium and super-premium products; (iv) changes in accessibility to our products due to illness, quarantines, “stay at home” orders, travel restrictions, retail, restaurant, bar, and hotel closures, social distancing requirements, and other government action; (v) changes in behavior and preferences, including trading down to lower-priced products; and (vi) disruptions in our manufacturing operations, or in our distribution and supply chain. Furthermore, we have been impacted in markets where, in connection with other government actions taken to slow the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, liquor sales have been restricted or banned outright such as in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States, and in South Africa, India, and other Asian countries. In addition, we may incur increased costs and otherwise be negatively affected if a significant portion of our workforce (or the workforces within our distribution or supply chain) is unable to work or work effectively, including because of illness, unavailability of personal protective equipment, quarantines, “stay at home” orders, social distancing requirements, other government action, facility closures, or other restrictions.
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak and actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate the public health effects and its short- and long-term impacts on the economy, unemployment, consumer confidence, and the financial health of our distributors, customers, and suppliers. At this time, we cannot predict with certainty the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or our future financial or operational results; however, the impact could be material over time. For further discussion on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Developments - COVID-19.”
